# CS50p_final_project
# Find Your Next World City
#### Description:
When I sat down to tackle this project, I reflected upon what ideas might feel most close to home.What I have enjoyed most about learning to code, is how versatile projects can be, and how they canbe very applicable to real world problems. This project, therefore, tackles a topic that is currentlyon my mind. Where to move. I have been asking myself this question for the past months, as I prepare to move out of my current apartment in Marin, CA. I wanted to build a fun, interactive game thatwould help making such a profound life decision a little more lighthearted. So once I landed on this as myidea, I tackled how the functionality of the game might look.

In short, my program is an interactive game that poses 12 thoughtful questions about city preference, allowing the user to answer with either 'yes' or 'no', and then ensues to return the most appropriate world city. Behind the scenes, this game started with a simple yes/no filtration system that would eliminate a city every time someone answered 'no' to a prompt relating to that city. I quickly realized, however, that this was too simple and would likely prematurely eliminate cities. I therefore decided to make the scoring system more complex by weighing each city's relative performance in a domain from 1-10. I created 12 categories, ranging from public transport, to food scenes and more. I scored each city from 1-10 based on some research, as well as my own experience in these cities. I chose to focus on 30 of the most popular world cities, and designed a scoring system like so. I also ensured that all cities' total scores added up to exactly 80 points. This would avoid any biases or unfair advantages. This then became a csv file, which would ultimately become the basis for the game's scoring system. That file is included in the project.

I then set about writing the actual program. I created four functions, plus the main function that would call the others. First, a function to open the csv file, read the contents and return a list. The second function needed to validate the user's input. I wanted to avoid the user straying away from a simple yes/no answer structure. Then came the main question function. This includes 12 questions spanning all 12 categories of scoring. The function initializes scores, and adds the city's relative points in a given category to that city's overall score. This results in a dynamic scoring system that adds a city's performance in all 12 categories to their final score, if the user answers 'yes'. I didn't, however, want to create boring questions that we have seen before. I really wanted to make the game fun and unique. I therefore chose to embed the questions in more of a storyline structure covering the twelve categories in unique ways. This ensures the game remains fun and fresh. The last function simply calculates the scores and returns the 'perfect city'. If there are multiple cities with the same score, it chooses a random one of those to avoid ending up with a tie.

Finally, I created a test file that would check the behavior of my various functions. It tests all four functions and their capabilities using a number of approaches. Overall, I am really pleased with how this all turned out. I, of course, did not spend too much time on the physical design of the actual game (short of creating line spaces). That said, I see the potential for this turning more into an interactive game that makes use of some web design to make it more intruiging, or even some more complex game design to create visual elements and expand on the story itself. I am pleased with the idea of creating a game that takes a hard decision like where to move, and turns it into a fun, interactive game that eventually returns the city of your dreams. Thank you for this course, it has been such a pleasure. 

